I was once happy. Sloshing around
in my own private. primordial pool.
Then one day. for reasons beyond
my control. I was repeatedly crushed.
over and over. by the cruel cervix
of my mother. Leslie.
I put up a good fight. but I lost.
For the first time. but not the last.
I was born
three days after 9/11.
I can hear you!
The rest of the world hears you.
and the people who knocked these
buildings down will hear all of us.
USA!
My parents
spent two days in the hospital.
holding me under the soft glow
of the television.
watching those towers fall
over and over again.
Until grief
gave way to numbness.
And then. without warning. a middle
class childhood in an American suburb.
13.14.15.16.
What are you looking at. Rue?
Rue... look at me!
1.2.3...
What are you doing. Rue?
I'd say she's suffering
from OCD.
It's like I was physically abused.
Or had a shortage of clean water.
Or was molested by a family member.
And possibly Bipolar Disorder.
But she's a little young to tell.
So explain this shit to me.
It's the way your brain
was hard-wired.
Plenty of great. intelligent. funny.
interesting. and creative people
have struggled
with the same things.
Like who?
Vincent Van Gogh.
Sylvia Plath.
And your favorite. Britney Spears.
I don't remember much
between the ages of 8 and 12.
Just that the world moved fast
and my brain moved slow.
And if I focused too closely
on the way I breathed...
I'd die.
Until every second of every day
you try to outrun your anxiety.
What's wrong. Rue?
And quite frankly...
I'm just fucking exhausted.
You said the doctor was in our network.
I can't afford it.
You saw the video of that beauty queen
who got acid thrown in her face?
- No.
- It is pretty fucked up.
- Do you have any tampons?
- In my bathroom.
And at some point. you make a choice.
About who you are and what you want.
Let's go. Gia!
Rue. did you eat breakfast?
- Why are you wearing sunglasses?
- What sunglasses?
I showed up one day
without a map or a compass
or anyone capable of giving
one iota of good fucking advice.
And I know it all may seem sad.
but guess what?
I didn't build this system.
nor did I fuck it up.
And then it happens. That moment
when your breath starts to slow.
Every time you breathe. you
breathe out all the oxygen you have.
And everything stops.
Your heart. your lungs.
and finally your brain.
And everything you feel. and wish.
and want to forget. it all just sinks.
And then suddenly...
You give it air again.
You give it life again.
I remember the first time it happened
I got so scared I wanted to call 911.
go to the hospital and be kept alive
by machines and apple juice.
But I didn't want
to fuck up everyone's night.
Then over time. that's all I wanted.
Those two seconds of nothingness.
EUPHORIA Episode 1.
I spent a good portion of the summer
before junior year... in rehab.
Please God grant me the serenity
to accept the things I cannot change.
the courage to change the things I can.
and the wisdom to know the difference.
Rue!
Come here!
- How are you?
- Good!
- Missed you!
- Missed you. too.
Are you growing?
I'm very happy for you. Rue.
You're about to start
a brand new chapter.
It was the end of summer.
The week before school started.
I had no intention of staying clean
and Jules had just moved to town.
There's some new girl in town that
I think you're gonna be friends with.
- Who?
- I don't know.
She came in yesterday
all Sailor Moon and shit.
I'm thinking this looks like
someone Rue would get along with.
Which was dead on observation
for Fezco
who's not normally revolving
in the same direction as planet earth.
- So how long you've been back?
- Five days.
And how you feeling?
Ever since I gave my life over to Jesus.
things have been really good.
- Cool.
- I'm fucking with you. Fez.
I don't judge.
- But is Ashtray in the back.
- For real?
You think 'cause I was in rehab
I stayed clean?
Ain't that the point?
The world is coming to an end and
I haven't even graduated high school.
- I thought you were dead.
- And I thought you had Asperger's.
This a fickle industry.
Y'all come and go.
I'm try to stack enough cash
to pay my mortgage.
So what the fuck you want?
- You don't wanna try nothing new?
- Like what?
2C-T-2. 2C-T-7. 5-MeO-DIPT.
I have zero idea what you said.
Doesn't matter.
But this shit is fucking lit.
- What is it?
- N-diisopropyl-5-methoxytryptamine.
It's a fast acting psychedelic.
Got some similarities to LSD
but with like. key differences.
Not as visual and shit
but def a sense distorter.
- What's wrong?
- I'm so happy!
Shit's blowing up in Tampa.
And mad people like to fuck on it.
Okay! Yeah!
- That'll be $120.
- Fez said he'd spot me.
- Fezco doesn't spot anybody.
- You should ask him.
I will go after him.
I know you are full of shit.
I didn't have much of an issue with
Nate until all the bullshit with Jules.
I never liked him. And once
during the freshman formal.
he tried to finger me on the
dance floor without my permission.
But like. that's America. And if they
were throwing an end of summer party...
I'd do it for Rue!
Of course. I'd fucking go.
The whole world's gonna be talking
about how McKay threw
the grimiest banger of the summer.
You know my mom's real OCD.
She'll notice the smallest scratch.
if the dishes are in the wrong order.
We'll photograph everything
and put it back just the way it was.
What is this. Mission Impossible?
Start worrying about the pussies
that we're gonna smash tonight.
No. wait!
Is it Maddy coming tonight?
I don't give a fuck.
She broke up with me.
She's crazy. I don't want her
to burn the house down.
Shut the fuck up!
This is exactly
what I am talking about! Right here.
- Don't do this!
- Yeah...
What up!
How about coming on this dick?
Come on. man!
Jules moved from the city
after her mom and dad got divorced.
She doesn't like to talk about it
but dads almost never get full custody
so some shit went down.
She went to 3 weeks
of summer school with Kat.
who failed intro to visual arts.
You wanna go to McKays party fri?
- Who's that?
- Some football player.
LOL. Maybe.
Kat! Gonna skip party to Ily.
- Do you think my areoles are weird?
- No.
- But like the edges though?
- No. They're fine.
Fine like they're weird or fine like
nobody but me would ever notice?
- Fine like shut the fuck up. Maddy.
- I literally look disgusting.
You just snap the fuck out of this.
You're hot as fuck and Nate's a loser.
- He's not a loser. He's a dick.
- All dicks are losers.
You need to walk into this party like
your pussy costs a million dollars.
- I'd settle for 50 grand.
- 50 grand is a million dollars.
I'd settle for like 4 corona lights
and non-rapey affection.
That's depressing.
Nate just ruined my confidence.
You know when someone constantly
criticizes like everything about you?
That's like. every guy.
You need to catch a dick
and forget about troubles.
You need to catch a dick.
The best thing after a breakup is to
fuck someone new and then move on.
Remind me how many guys
you've fucked?
Cat-fishing doesn't count.
Can you not be a cunt
for like 15 seconds?
- What are we doing for dinner?
- Stop being a pervert. We're naked.
Fuck!
Okay...
- Where were you?
- I went to eat.
- What do you mean?
- What?
What? Don't walk away from me!
You know what? I don't trust you.
- What do you want me to say?
- Tell me where you were!
- I said I was to eat!
- I will drug test you!
- Do not slam your door!
- It was an accident!
You're not leaving this house
until you take a drug test!
- I just peed!
- Slam another door!
She's gonna kill me!
Shit!
Now. there's a few ways
to beat a drug test.
The first is simple:
Stop doing drugs.
But if you're in a bind
and totally fucked... Option one.
It's a B vitamin
that breaks down fat and chemicals.
And if you take a lot of it.
like 2000 milligrams
and chug a few gallons of water.
you flush your system in 2 to 3 days.
But it has a few side effects.
Skin flushing. Extreme Dizziness.
Vomiting.
Rapid heartbeat
and sometimes death.
I don't recommend it. nor does
any legit drug site on the internet.
Option Two. Synthetic Urine.
Yeah fucking right.
Option Three. Get a non-drug-addict
friend to piss for you.
The only problem is most over
the counter home drug testing kits
come with heat sensor strips that
detect the temperature of your urine.
And if your parents watch you pee.
you can't do the sink trick.
So you gotta get it fresh.
- Hey. Rue!
- I need a favor.
- What?
- Like for real. Lexi.
What?
The side effects of this option?
- Are you serious?
- Please!
Thanks.
Hey. Rue!
How was rehab?
- It was really. really good.
- That's good.
- How long have you been back?
- Five days.
A new chapter.
Lexi and I have known each other
since pre-school.
And like. in some ways.
she's my best friend.
Even though
I think we've grown apart
and we don't really have
much in common anymore.
Did you met any cute guys there?
- Here's the eyeliner.
- Thanks.
Mom. I have to pee!
I wish we could do this in a way that
wasn't a total invasion of my privacy.
You lost your right to privacy
after your overdose.
- That was a mistake.
- Don't be flip. Rue!
Thank you.
It was the most frightening thing
a mother could witness.
- And Gia. who absolutely idolizes you.
- I know. Mom.
To have her find you unconscious...
Can we not do this right now?
Rue?
I know a lot of you probably hate me
right now. And I get it.
If I could be a different person.
I promise you I would.
Not because I want it. but because
they do. And therein lies the catch.
I'm sorry
for slamming the door earlier.
It's okay. I forgive you.
Come here!
NEGATIVE
- Can I spend the night at Lexi's?
- Yeah. it's fine.
Thanks.
- Where you going?
- Out to a party or something.
- Or something?
- Dad!
- Just... new town. Be safe!
- Yeah. I'am fine.
- Love you!
- Love you. too.
Have fun!
Jules told me later
what it happened.
- I'm nervous.
- Don't be.
- Promise ur not a serial killer? LOL.
- Promise.
And looking back on it.
she probably would have been
better off just going to McKay's.
But...
Come in!
Cassie's a whore. Fact.
No she's not.
She's not that type of girl.
- Have you seen her slut pages?
- No.
They're wild.
She's like a fucking freak.
Cassie's on the slut pages?
We gotta see this shit!
What are you doing outta your room?
Go back upstairs!
No one's coming 'til ten.
All I'm saying is
I think you'd dig Cassie.
McKay. whether I like her or not
is irrelevant.
The fact is
she's a fucking whore.
I don't know what she's done.
but she's cool.
And like smart. Funny.
She also like loves cars.
She loves cars!
Thank you for telling me!
McKay's about to start a pinterest.
You don't know what she's done.
I don't know.
Take a sit!
Let's take a trip
to the land of shame.
Here's the thing that pisses me off...
Every time someone's shit gets leaked.
whether it's J Law or Leslie Jones.
the world's like:
"If you don't want it out there.
don't take nudes in the first place."
I know your generation relied
on flowers and father's permission.
but it's 2019. and unless you're Amish.
nudes are the currency of love.
So stop shaming us.
Shame the assholes
who create password protected online
directories of naked underage girls.
Cassie's actually super sweet.
You remember like from earlier...
- Yo. Rue Rue!
- How you been?
She's just being coy. She has
a boyfriend she's head over heels for.
Mom. stop being retarded.
He's not my boyfriend.
Who was that handsome young man
who came over for dinner last night?
Ohmigod. Mom!
Christopher McKay.
You're dating McKay?
Mom. I'm literally gonna poison you
in your sleep.
Rue. how was rehab?
Did you meet
any cute guys there?
- Here's your eyeliner.
- Thanks.
But anyway back to this bullshit...
Ant the Oscar goes to...
Shit! I'll talk about
like tags in!
You can't even tell
that that's her!
- It's her. bro.
- Look at her tities!
You want my advice?
Fuck her like the whore she is.
- Kick her ass to the curve!
- We will!
I don't even know
what tot do with that.
I just got a tutorial
step by step!
It's obvious that Nate
got in McKay's head
because Cassie told Lexi. and Lexi
told me that the night of the party...
What?
Nothing.
Why are you staring at me?
I'm sorry. I kinda spaced out.
- Was I being weird?
- No. You were being cute.
I don't mean to sound corny but...
you're the most beautiful
girl I've ever seen.
They hooked up.
Fuck.
Are you always this wet?
Kinda... It's super embarrassing.
Does it turn you off?
Not at all. It's cool.
Stay right here.
Stop!
Now I know this looks disturbing.
but for real. I promise you.
this does not end in a rape.
But here's the thing...
Everyone on the planet
watches porn. Fact.
And if were to click on the 20
most popular videos on Pornhub.
this is basically what you'd see.
I'm not trying to be sex negative
or anything.
This shit isn't
out of fucking left field.
- What the fuck. McKay?
- What did I do?
- Why would you grab me like that?
- I thought you liked that.
- Why the fuck would I like that?
- I'm sorry. I didn't know.
I didn't expect it.
I'm really sorry. Cassie.
I'm sorry!
I would never do
anything that hurts you.
Just don't do it again.
Unless you ask me first.
Or I ask you.
Anyway. I didn't go to Lexi's.
That was a lie.
I was walking to McKay's party. I have
this rule that I don't drink and bike.
- Is that?
- Slow down.
- That's Rue!
- Didn't Rue like die?
Ohmigod I hate ghosts.
Casper? Need a ride?
Thank you!
- How old are you?
- Twenty-two.
Thanks.
- Do you live in town?
- No. I'm visiting my grandparents.
- What about you?
- You walk around like this?
- What do you mean?
- Is this how you look generally?
I mean... yeah.
- You're beautiful.
- Thank you.
I'm envious of your generation.
You don't care as much
about the rules.
I think it's a good thing.
And I don't want to be that old guy
that gives you advice.
But I look at you. and think there are
two versions of how your life can go.
You can either go some place
where you're wanted for who you are.
Or you stay in a town like this
and end up like me.
living your life
out in motel rooms.
Selfishly...
I hope you stay.
Wider... Wider... There you go.
That's it. Good girl.
Jules once told me that every night
when she was a kid. five or something...
Spit!
She'd lock herself in the bathroom.
get down on her hands and knees.
and pray to God.
She'd pray that when she woke up
in the morning. she'd be 25 years old.
She'd live with her best friend.
a girl.
Someone she hadn't met yet but
someone she knew she'd trust forever.
When she told me that story
I started to cry so hard
that I hyperventilated.
You're so clean.
You don't know how rare that is.
Jules kept laughing
and saying "What's wrong?".
But I didn't know.
And then. the night got weird.
Now. there's a couple versions
of what happened that night.
It all depends on who you ask.
and I'm not the most reliable source.
But Nate was fucking on one.
And in turn. Maddy was fucking on one.
Get undressed.
I want to go swimming!
- You are so hot!
- I know.
- You're fucking crazy.
- No I'm not.
I'm just trying to get back
at my really shitty ex-boyfriend.
What?
What if I told you that I wanted you
to fuck me right here. right now?
Are you serious?
Then decided Jules to ghost her
hookup and bike over to McKay's.
Now Jules texted Kat
but Kat didn't answer because...
- What's the deal with your friend BB?
- What about her?
Is she like a prude
or is she like a slut?
Definitely a slut.
- What about you?
- What about me?
- Are you a slut?
- Yeah. I'm a fucking savage.
- What's your number?
- Higher than you two can count.
Stop playing.
you're a fuckin' prude.
Kat wasn't a prude
but she was a virgin.
She told Jules that a week into summer
school and when Kat saw her reaction.
This isn't the 80's bitch.
You need to catch a dick.
She wanted to enter Junior year
as a woman of questionable morals.
If I were to pull my dick out.
would you suck it?
- I don't know. let me see it.
- I'm not hard yet.
- You've probably never sucked a dick.
- Yeah I have.
Most girls
don't know how to suck dick.
What do you mean?
They're too gentle.
like they're fuckin' scared of it.
- Not in porn.
- Exactly.
- You watch porn?
- Doesn't everyone?
Every guy. yeah.
But not prudes. only sluts.
- Yeah well...
- Yeah. but like how much?
- What?
- How much of a slut are you?
Why don't you come and find out?
Why don't you take your top off?
Right now?
In front of these two?
Yeah. I dare you!
You know what they say?
Fat girls give the best head.
I was out back talking to Fezco
when Jules arrived.
- What the fuck. Rue!
- What?
- You owe me 120 bucks!
- I forgot.
To tell you the truth your whole
drug thing makes me uneasy.
- Don't go soft on me Fezco.
- Nah. I mean it. Rue. I like you.
I missed you. And that shit at the
beginning of the summer scared me.
Yeah. you and everyone else.
I'm serious. Rue!
I've seen a lot of people die.
But none like you.
I don't know what the fuck
you got going on inside of you.
and I don't know how to fix it.
but this shit ain't the answer.
I remember
when I was 11 years old.
two months after my Dad got diagnosed
and we got the results.
and it was really good like 80/20.
And we had a little celebration.
ordered a ton of Chinese food
and that night I was laying
between my parents in bed.
And... all of a sudden
I couldn't breathe.
It was like there was
no more air left in the world.
I was gasping. panicking...
And they called the ambulance.
They thought maybe
I had an allergic reaction.
and when I got to the hospital.
they gave me liquid Valium
to calm me down.
And it hit me. I thought...
This is the feeling
I've been searching for.
My entire life.
for as long as I can remember.
Because suddenly
the world went quiet
and I felt safe in my own head.
2 years later. he was gone.
My panic attacks stayed.
But I found a way to live.
And will it eventually kill me?
Maybe. Maybe not. I don't know.
- So you still gonna be my dealer?
- You're a fuckin' trip. Rue.
I am way too high
for this conversation.
Me too. Me fucking too.
- Real classy. you fucking whore!
- Suck my dick!
Get the fuck out of here!
What the fuck
are you looking at?
- Who are you?
- I'm Jules. I'm a friend of...
A friend of whose?
You're not my friend.
Do you guys know
who the fuck this is?
Does anybody know who this is?
Does anybody know
who the fuck Jules is?
You know who the fuck Jules is?
So who are you?
I'm just minding my own business.
I'm not trying to start anything.
No one who looks like you
is minding their own business.
I know what you are.
Yeah. I see you...
So what do you want?
You want some fucking attention?
I'll give you some fucking attention.
Is anybody here
friends with Jules?
Does anybody know
who the fuck this bitch is?
If someone doesn't speak up.
this bitch is gonna get fucked up!
You wanna fucking hurt me?
What the fuck is your problem?
- It was a joke.
- You wanna fucking hurt me?
- No!
- You have no fucking idea!
You're psycho!
- I'm fucking invincible!
- What the fuck?
By the way. I'm Jules.
I just moved here.
I mean. right?
Where have you been?
You missed the crazy shit ever!
- I just lost my virginity.
- Are you fucking serious?
- With who?
- This guy from St. Mary's.
- Do you like it?
- It was nice.
My God!
My little slut. I'm so proud of you!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. it's fine.
I knew I was get violent and I didn't
want a fucking broken cheekbone.
I completely understand the logic.
but it's still fucking insane!
- I'm Rue.
- I'm Jules.
- Where are you going?
- Home. probably.
Can I come with you?
Let me see!
Sorry!
Remember when I said
things got weird?
So yeah...
- I've got an idea!
- What?
Wanna get high?
END OF EPISODE 1